2019/Readme.md, before:


# PowerShell + Devops Global Summit 2019

## Traditional Sessions

| Topic                                                                                          | Presenter(s)               | Materials |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|-----------|
| Welcome                                                                                        | Will Anderson              |           |
| Keynote: You're Mastering the Shell. What Next?                                                | Don Jones                  |           |
| Software Development in an Age of Social Responsibility                                        | Jeffrey Snover             |           |
| Adulting 101                                                                                   | Lee Holmes                 |           |
| The Ubiquity of PowerShell in Microsoft Technology                                             | Joey Aiello,Michael Greene |           |
| Securing PowerShell: Hands-On Lab                                                              | [Ashley McGlone](https://twitter.com/GoateePFE)             | [Lab Guide and Scripts](https://github.com/GoateePFE/PowerShellSummit2019) |
| Introduction to Serverless Functions                                                           | [Kirk Munro](https://twitter.com/poshoholic) | [Slides](https://github.com/KirkMunro/serverless-session/blob/master/introduction-to-serverless-functions.pptx) |
| PowerShell Universal Dashboard from start to finish                                            | Adam Driscoll              |           |
| Writing Compiled PowerShell Cmdlets                                                            | Thomas Rayner              |           |
| Parselmouth - bending the PowerShell language                                                  | Mathias Jessen             |           |
| Firewall Evasion and Remote Access with OpenSSH                                                | Anthony Nocentino          |           |
| Sipping psake: Creating a Build and Release Pipeline for PowerShell                            | Brandon Olin               |           |
| Demystifying Microsoft's Cloud Automation products                                             | Jaap Brasser               |           |
| It’s PowerShell In the Cloud – Welcome to Azure Cloud Shell                                    | [Michael Bender](https://twitter.com/michaelbender)             |  [Scripts & Slides](https://github.com/themichaelbender-ms/azure-cloud-shell)         |
| Doctor, Don't Defenestrate: What to Do with Legacy Scripts                                     | Michael T Lombardi         |           |
| Moving Up the Monitoring Stack                                                                 | Steven Murawski            |           |
| PowerShell Remoting Internals                                                                  | Paul Higinbotham           |           |
| Continuously deploying SQL code using Powershell                                               | Kirill Kravtsov            |           |
| PSScriptAnalyzer: Overview, Advanced Usage, Customisation, Formatting and VS-Code integration  | Christoph Bergmeister      |           |
| Logging in a DevOps world                                                                      | Friedrich Weinmann         |           |
| Beyond Pester 102: Acceptance testing with PowerShell                                          | Glenn Sarti                |           |
| Malicious Payloads vs Deep Visibility: A PowerShell Story                                      | Daniel Bohannon            |           |
| Unexplained phenomena: powerful tricks you likely didn't know were even possible               | [Kirk Munro](https://twitter.com/poshoholic) |           |
| Completely Automate Managing Windows Software...Forever                                        | Daniel Franciscus          | [Scripts & Slides](https://github.com/dfranciscus/PSSummit2019)          |
| Automate All The Things–Where To Start And Where To Go?                                        | [Chris Hunt](https://twitter.com/LogicalDiagram)                 |  [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12QwL8dHJ2qIaWYCycCnvGnXhZE5CXE7DEkeXVnkOCE4/edit?usp=sharing)         |
| PSCache - simple strategies for magnificent performance                                        | Mathias Jessen             |           |
| Bullet-proofing: Patterns & Practices for survivable advanced functions and scripts            | Joel “Jaykul” Bennett      |           |
| Publishing and Managing Modules in an Internal Repository                                      | [Kevin Marquette](https://twitter.com/KevinMarquette)            |  [Slides and code](https://github.com/KevinMarquette/ManagingModulesPresentation/tree/PSHSummit2019)         |
| Reporting on Server Compliance with DSCv2: Guest Configuration                                 | Michael Greene             |           |
| Unleash your PowerShell with AWS Lambda and Serverless Computing                               | Andrew Pearce              |           |
| Deep Web: A Web Cmdlets Deep Dive                                                              | [Mark Kraus](https://twitter.com/markekraus)                 | [slides and code](https://github.com/markekraus/Deep-Web-Web-Cmdlets-Presentation)          |
| Ansible for the Windows Admin                                                                  | [Jeremy Murrah](https://murrahjm.github.io/)              |     [slides and code](https://github.com/murrahjm/PSSummit2019)      |
| Machine Learning Algorithms with H2o and PowerShell                                            | Tome Tanasovski            |           |
| CypherDog2.0 - Bloodhound Dog Whispering with PowerShell                                       | Walter Legowski            |           |
| Life after "git push"                                                                          | Steven Murawski            |           |
| How to become a SHiPS wright - Building with SHiPS                                             | Glenn Sarti                |           |
| Using VSCode as Your Default PowerShell Editor                                                 | Tyler Leonhardt            |           |
| Using PowerShell in a Cross Platform World                                                     | William Hurt               |           |
| Containers - You Better Get on Board                                                           | Anthony Nocentino          |           |
| Don't do that, do this instead: PowerShell worst practices and how to solve them               | [Chris Gardner](https://chrislgardner.github.io)              |  [slides](https://github.com/ChrisLGardner/presentations)      |
| Better Ops Together: Practical PowerShell Pair Programming Patterns and Practices with VS Code | Mark Kraus                 |           |
| Dungeons & Dragons & Development: How Playing Games Makes You a Better IT Pro                  | Michael T Lombardi         |           |
| Demystifying Terraform - "Hardcore" to Core Infrastructure-as-Code Tool                        | [Chris Hunt](https://twitter.com/LogicalDiagram)                 | [Slides and Code](https://github.com/cdhunt/pssummit2019-terraform)          |
| PesterSec: Using Pester & ScriptAnalyzer for Detecting Obfuscated PowerShell                   | Daniel Bohannon            |           |
| PowerShell + AutoRest + Swagger = Instant Modules                                              | Adam Murray                |           |
| PowerShell Error and Event Collection at Scale                                                 | Dakota Clark               |           |
| Going Core with VMware PowerCLI!                                                               | [Luc Dekens](https://twitter.com/LucD22)              |  [slides](https://github.com/lucdekens/Presentations/blob/master/PowerShell_and_DevOps_Summit_2019/PowerCLI_goes_Core.pptx)                  |           |
| Automating Active Directory Health Checks                                                      | Mike Kanakos               |           |
| Working with PSGraph                                                                           | [Kevin Marquette](https://twitter.com/KevinMarquette)            | [Slides and Code](https://github.com/KevinMarquette/PSGraphPresentation/tree/pshsummit2019)          |
| Testing, Testing, 1...2...3: Using Pester for Infrastructure Validation                        | Brandon Olin               |           |
| Using PowerShell Core to automate application packaging, deployment and updates with Habitat   | Matt Wrock                 |           |
| Finding Performance Bottlenecks with PowerShell                                                | Mike F. Robbins            |           |
| Advanced JEA Configurations                                                                    | James Petty                |           |
| Writing Clustered Applications with Windows PowerShell and Apache Zookeeper                    | Tome Tanasovski            |           |
| Turn your logs into actionable data at any scale with AWS                                      | Andrew Pearce              |           |
| Lord of the Configurations                                                                     | Friedrich Weinmann         |           |
| The Windows Subsystem for Linux                                                                | Tara Raj                   |           |
| Monitoring Out, Observability In                                                               | Ebru Cucen                 |           |
| Jenkins - User Interface for your Powershell tasks                                             | Kirill Kravtsov            |           |
| Basic To Boss: Customizing Your PowerShell Prompt                                              | Thomas Rayner              |           |
| Look smarter: deliver the work you do in PowerShell in Excel form.                             | James O'Neill              |           |
| Configuring F5 Big-IP with declarative configurations using AS3, Azure DevOps, and Powershell  | James Arruda               |           |
| Piping data between packaged scripts                                                           | Paul DeArment Jr           |           |
| PowerShell in Azure Functions                                                                  | Dongbo Wang,Joey Aiello   |           |

Commit message:

(MAINT) Add Michael Lombardi 2019 talk info
This commit updates the 2019 talk readme with my twitter handle and links
to the slides for my talks.

2019/Readme.md, after:


# PowerShell + Devops Global Summit 2019

## Traditional Sessions

| Topic                                                                                          | Presenter(s)               | Materials |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------|-----------|
| Welcome                                                                                        | Will Anderson              |           |
| Keynote: You're Mastering the Shell. What Next?                                                | Don Jones                  |           |
| Software Development in an Age of Social Responsibility                                        | Jeffrey Snover             |           |
| Adulting 101                                                                                   | Lee Holmes                 |           |
| The Ubiquity of PowerShell in Microsoft Technology                                             | Joey Aiello,Michael Greene |           |
| Securing PowerShell: Hands-On Lab                                                              | [Ashley McGlone](https://twitter.com/GoateePFE)             | [Lab Guide and Scripts](https://github.com/GoateePFE/PowerShellSummit2019) |
| Introduction to Serverless Functions                                                           | [Kirk Munro](https://twitter.com/poshoholic) | [Slides](https://github.com/KirkMunro/serverless-session/blob/master/introduction-to-serverless-functions.pptx) |
| PowerShell Universal Dashboard from start to finish                                            | Adam Driscoll              |           |
| Writing Compiled PowerShell Cmdlets                                                            | Thomas Rayner              |           |
| Parselmouth - bending the PowerShell language                                                  | Mathias Jessen             |           |
| Firewall Evasion and Remote Access with OpenSSH                                                | Anthony Nocentino          |           |
| Sipping psake: Creating a Build and Release Pipeline for PowerShell                            | Brandon Olin               |           |
| Demystifying Microsoft's Cloud Automation products                                             | Jaap Brasser               |           |
| It’s PowerShell In the Cloud – Welcome to Azure Cloud Shell                                    | [Michael Bender](https://twitter.com/michaelbender)             |  [Scripts & Slides](https://github.com/themichaelbender-ms/azure-cloud-shell)         |
| Doctor, Don't Defenestrate: What to Do with Legacy Scripts                                     | [Michael T Lombardi](https://twitter.com/barbariankb) | [Slides](https://gitpitch.com/michaeltlombardi/talks?p=doctor-dont-defenestrate#/), [Slides with notes](https://gitpitch.com/michaeltlombardi/talks?p=doctor-dont-defenestrate&n=true#/) |
| Moving Up the Monitoring Stack                                                                 | Steven Murawski            |           |
| PowerShell Remoting Internals                                                                  | Paul Higinbotham           |           |
| Continuously deploying SQL code using Powershell                                               | Kirill Kravtsov            |           |
| PSScriptAnalyzer: Overview, Advanced Usage, Customisation, Formatting and VS-Code integration  | Christoph Bergmeister      |           |
| Logging in a DevOps world                                                                      | Friedrich Weinmann         |           |
| Beyond Pester 102: Acceptance testing with PowerShell                                          | Glenn Sarti                |           |
| Malicious Payloads vs Deep Visibility: A PowerShell Story                                      | Daniel Bohannon            |           |
| Unexplained phenomena: powerful tricks you likely didn't know were even possible               | [Kirk Munro](https://twitter.com/poshoholic) |           |
| Completely Automate Managing Windows Software...Forever                                        | Daniel Franciscus          | [Scripts & Slides](https://github.com/dfranciscus/PSSummit2019)          |
| Automate All The Things–Where To Start And Where To Go?                                        | [Chris Hunt](https://twitter.com/LogicalDiagram)                 |  [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12QwL8dHJ2qIaWYCycCnvGnXhZE5CXE7DEkeXVnkOCE4/edit?usp=sharing)         |
| PSCache - simple strategies for magnificent performance                                        | Mathias Jessen             |           |
| Bullet-proofing: Patterns & Practices for survivable advanced functions and scripts            | Joel “Jaykul” Bennett      |           |
| Publishing and Managing Modules in an Internal Repository                                      | [Kevin Marquette](https://twitter.com/KevinMarquette)            |  [Slides and code](https://github.com/KevinMarquette/ManagingModulesPresentation/tree/PSHSummit2019)         |
| Reporting on Server Compliance with DSCv2: Guest Configuration                                 | Michael Greene             |           |
| Unleash your PowerShell with AWS Lambda and Serverless Computing                               | Andrew Pearce              |           |
| Deep Web: A Web Cmdlets Deep Dive                                                              | [Mark Kraus](https://twitter.com/markekraus)                 | [slides and code](https://github.com/markekraus/Deep-Web-Web-Cmdlets-Presentation)          |
| Ansible for the Windows Admin                                                                  | [Jeremy Murrah](https://murrahjm.github.io/)              |     [slides and code](https://github.com/murrahjm/PSSummit2019)      |
| Machine Learning Algorithms with H2o and PowerShell                                            | Tome Tanasovski            |           |
| CypherDog2.0 - Bloodhound Dog Whispering with PowerShell                                       | Walter Legowski            |           |
| Life after "git push"                                                                          | Steven Murawski            |           |
| How to become a SHiPS wright - Building with SHiPS                                             | Glenn Sarti                |           |
| Using VSCode as Your Default PowerShell Editor                                                 | Tyler Leonhardt            |           |
| Using PowerShell in a Cross Platform World                                                     | William Hurt               |           |
| Containers - You Better Get on Board                                                           | Anthony Nocentino          |           |
| Don't do that, do this instead: PowerShell worst practices and how to solve them               | [Chris Gardner](https://chrislgardner.github.io)              |  [slides](https://github.com/ChrisLGardner/presentations)      |
| Better Ops Together: Practical PowerShell Pair Programming Patterns and Practices with VS Code | Mark Kraus                 |           |
| Dungeons & Dragons & Development: How Playing Games Makes You a Better IT Pro                  | [Michael T Lombardi](https://twitter.com/barbariankb) | [Slides](https://gitpitch.com/michaeltlombardi/talks?p=dndnd#/), [Slides with notes](https://gitpitch.com/michaeltlombardi/talks?p=dndnd&n=true#/) |
| Demystifying Terraform - "Hardcore" to Core Infrastructure-as-Code Tool                        | [Chris Hunt](https://twitter.com/LogicalDiagram)                 | [Slides and Code](https://github.com/cdhunt/pssummit2019-terraform)          |
| PesterSec: Using Pester & ScriptAnalyzer for Detecting Obfuscated PowerShell                   | Daniel Bohannon            |           |
| PowerShell + AutoRest + Swagger = Instant Modules                                              | Adam Murray                |           |
| PowerShell Error and Event Collection at Scale                                                 | Dakota Clark               |           |
| Going Core with VMware PowerCLI!                                                               | [Luc Dekens](https://twitter.com/LucD22)              |  [slides](https://github.com/lucdekens/Presentations/blob/master/PowerShell_and_DevOps_Summit_2019/PowerCLI_goes_Core.pptx)                  |           |
| Automating Active Directory Health Checks                                                      | Mike Kanakos               |           |
| Working with PSGraph                                                                           | [Kevin Marquette](https://twitter.com/KevinMarquette)            | [Slides and Code](https://github.com/KevinMarquette/PSGraphPresentation/tree/pshsummit2019)          |
| Testing, Testing, 1...2...3: Using Pester for Infrastructure Validation                        | Brandon Olin               |           |
| Using PowerShell Core to automate application packaging, deployment and updates with Habitat   | Matt Wrock                 |           |
| Finding Performance Bottlenecks with PowerShell                                                | Mike F. Robbins            |           |
| Advanced JEA Configurations                                                                    | James Petty                |           |
| Writing Clustered Applications with Windows PowerShell and Apache Zookeeper                    | Tome Tanasovski            |           |
| Turn your logs into actionable data at any scale with AWS                                      | Andrew Pearce              |           |
| Lord of the Configurations                                                                     | Friedrich Weinmann         |           |
| The Windows Subsystem for Linux                                                                | Tara Raj                   |           |
| Monitoring Out, Observability In                                                               | Ebru Cucen                 |           |
| Jenkins - User Interface for your Powershell tasks                                             | Kirill Kravtsov            |           |
| Basic To Boss: Customizing Your PowerShell Prompt                                              | Thomas Rayner              |           |
| Look smarter: deliver the work you do in PowerShell in Excel form.                             | James O'Neill              |           |
| Configuring F5 Big-IP with declarative configurations using AS3, Azure DevOps, and Powershell  | James Arruda               |           |
| Piping data between packaged scripts                                                           | Paul DeArment Jr           |           |
| PowerShell in Azure Functions                                                                  | Dongbo Wang,Joey Aiello   |           |
